aachen
aaland islands
aalborg
aalost
aarhus
abadan
abbacy
aberdare
aberdeen
abidjan
abilene
abkhaz
abkhazia
abode
abruzzi
abruzzi e molise
abu dhabi
abuja
abutment
abydos
abyssinia
acadia
acadia national park
acapulco
acapulco de juarez
accho
accra
aclinic line
acme
acores
acragas
acre
actium
active site
adalia
adana
addis ababa
addition
address
adelaide
aden
administrative district
administrative division
admiralty island
admiralty islands
adrianople
adrianopolis
adzhar
adzharia
aegadean islands
aegadean isles
aegates
aegean island
aegina
aeolia
aeolis
aerie
aerospace
aery
afars and issas
afghanistan
african country
african nation
agonic line
agora
agra
agrigento
a horizon
ahvenanmaa
aigina
aim
air
air lane
air space
airhead
airspace
airway
aix la chapelle
ak
akaba
aken
akka
akko
akmola
akron
al
al madinah
al qahira
alabama
aland islands
alaska
alaska peninsula
albania
albanian capital
albany
alberta
albion
alborg
albuquerque
alep
aleppo
aleutian islands
aleutians
alexander archipelago
alexandria
algeria
algerian capital
algerie
algiers
al hudaydah
al iraq
allentown
alma ata
al magrib
almaty
al mukalla
aloha state
alost
alpena
alsace
alsatia
altoona
amarillo
ambiance
ambience
america
american capital
american samoa
american state
american virgin islands
amman
amsterdam
amusement park
anaheim
anatolia
anchorage
anchorage ground
andalucia
andalusia
andhra pradesh
andorra
anglesea
anglesea island
anglesey
anglesey island
anglia
angola
angolan capital
anguilla
anjou
ankara
ann arbor
annaba
annam
annapolis
anomaly
antakiya
antakya
antalya
antananarivo
antapex
antarctic
antarctic circle
antarctic zone
antigua
antigua and barbuda
antilles
antinode
antioch
antipodes
antofagasta
antwerp
antwerpen
anvers
anzio
apeldoorn
apex
apex of the suns way
aphelion
apia
apoapsis
apogee
apojove
apolune
aposelene
appalachia
apparent horizon
appleton
appleton layer
approach
approach path
approach pattern
apron
apulia
aqaba
aquarius
aquarius the water bearer
aquila
aquila degli abruzzi
aquitaine
aquitania
ar
arab republic of egypt
arabia
arabian desert
arabian peninsula
aragon
aram
aran islands
arcadia
archbishopric
archdeaconry
archdiocese
archduchy
archeological site
archer
arches national park
arctic
arctic archipelago
arctic circle
arctic zone
ardennes
area
arena
areopagus
arequipa
argentina
argentine republic
argos
arhus
ariana
aries
aries the ram
arizona
arkansas
arlington
armageddon
armenia
arnhem
artois
aruba
as
asahikawa
asama
ascending node
asheville
ashkhabad
ashur
asia minor
asian country
asian nation
asian russia
asmara
asmera
aspadana
aspinwall
assam
associated state
assouan
assuan
assur
assyria
astana
asteroid belt
astrakhan
asuncion
asur
aswan
atacama desert
athens
athinai
athletic field
athos
atlanta
atlantic city
atmosphere
attica
auckland
augusta
austerlitz
austin
austral islands
australasia
australia
australian capital
australian desert
australian state
austria
austria hungary
austrian capital
austronesia
autumnal equinox
auvergne
avon
ayr
az
az zarqa
azerbaijan
azerbaijani republic
azerbajdzhan
azerbajdzhan republic
azores
b horizon
babylon
babylonia
back
back country
back end
back of beyond
backside
backwater
backwoods
bad lands
badger state
badlands
badlands national park
baffin island
bagdad
baghdad
bahama islands
bahamas
bahrain
bahrain island
bahrein
bahrein island
bailiwick
bairiki
bakersfield
baku
balance
bale
balearic islands
bali
balk
balkan country
balkan nation
balkan peninsula
balkan state
balkans
balkline
balmoral castle
baltic republic
baltic state
baltimore
bamako
banana republic
bandung
banff
bangalore
bangkok
bangla desh
bangladesh
bangor
bangui
banjul
barbados
barbary
barbary coast
barbuda
barcelona
bari
barony
barranquilla
barren
barrio
barstow
bartlesville
barycenter
base
basel
baseline
basia
basilicata
basin
basle
basra
basse normandie
basseterre
basutoland
bath
batna
baton rouge
battle born state
battle line
battlefield
battlefront
battleground
baulk
baulk line
bavaria
bay state
bayonne
bayt lahm
beachhead
beacon hill
beam ends
bean town
beantown
bearing
beat
beaumont
beaver state
beckley
bed
bed ground
bedground
bed ground
bedloes island
bedroom community
bedside
beehive state
beeline
beginning
beijing
beira
beirut
belarus
belau
belem
belfast
belgian capital
belgian congo
belgique
belgium
belgrade
belize
bellingham
belly
belo horizonte
belorussia
belt
bemidji
bend
bengal
benghazi
benin
bennington
benthic division
benthonic zone
benthos
beograd
bergen
berkeley
berkshire
berlin
bermuda
bermuda triangle
bermudas
bern
berne
berth
bethlehem
bethlehem ephrathah
bethlehem judah
beverly hills
bharat
b horizon
bhutan
bible belt
bida
big bend
big bend national park
big sur
bihar
billings
bilocation
biloxi
binghamton
biogeographical region
bioko
biosphere
birmingham
birthplace
bisayas
biscayne national park
bishkek
bishopric
biskek
bismarck
bismarck archipelago
bissau
bithynia
bivouac
black africa
black hills
blackpool
blacksburg
blantyre
blida
blighty
blind side
block
bloemfontein
bloomington
bloomsbury
bluegrass
bluegrass country
bluegrass region
bluegrass state
boeotia
bogota
bohemia
boise
bolivia
bologna
bolzano
bomb site
bombay
bonaire
bonn
boom town
boondocks
bordeaux
border
border district
borderland
borderline
borneo
borough
borscht belt
borscht circuit
borsht belt
borsht circuit
bosna i hercegovina
bosnia
bosnia and herzegovina
bosnia herzegovina
boston
boston harbor
botswana
bottom
bougainville
boulder
bound
boundary
boundary line
bounds
bourgogne
bourn
bourne
bowels
bowery
bowling green
box number
bozeman
braga
brandenburg
brasil
brasilia
bratislava
brattleboro
braunschweig
brazil
brazilian capital
brazzaville
breadbasket
breeding ground
breiz
brescia
breslau
brest
bretagne
bridgehead
bridgeport
bridgetown
brighton
brindisi
brink
brisbane
bristol
britain
british capital
british columbia
british empire
british guiana
british honduras
british isles
british virgin islands
brittany
brno
broadcast area
broadway
bromberg
bronx
brooklyn
brow
brownsville
bruges
brummagem
brunei
brunn
brunswick
brusa
brussels
bruxelles
bryan
bryce canyon national park
bucharest
bucharesti
buckeye state
buckingham palace
bucuresti
budapest
buenos aires
buffalo
buffer country
buffer state
buganda
building site
bujumbura
bulawayo
bulgaria
bulgarian capital
bull
bulls eye
burg
burgh
burgundy
burial ground
burial site
burkina faso
burlington
burma
bursa
burundi
burying ground
bus route
bus stop
bush
business address
business district
butte
byblos
bydgoszcz
byelarus
byelorussia
byzantine empire
byzantium
c horizon
ca
cabstand
cadiz
caesarea
cairo
calabria
calais
calcutta
caledonia
calgary
cali
calif
california
caliphate
calpe
calvary
cambodia
cambodian capital
cambria
cambridge
camden
camellia state
camelot
cameroon
cameroun
camlan
camp david
campania
campeche
campground
camping area
camping ground
camping site
campong
campsite
campus
canaan
canada
canadian capital
canadian maritime provinces
canadian province
canal zone
canara
canaries
canary islands
canberra
cancer
cancer the crab
cancun
cannes
canterbury
canton
canyonlands national park
cape ann
cape breton island
cape cod
cape cod canal
cape colony
cape fear
cape flattery
cape girardeau
cape hatteras
cape horn
cape may
cape of good hope
cape of good hope province
cape province
cape town
cape verde
cape verde islands
capital
capital of afghanistan
capital of alabama
capital of alaska
capital of antigua and barbuda
capital of argentina
capital of arizona
capital of arkansas
capital of armenia
capital of australia
capital of austria
capital of azerbaijan
capital of bahrain
capital of bangladesh
capital of barbados
capital of belarus
capital of belgium
capital of benin
capital of botswana
capital of brazil
capital of burundi
capital of california
capital of cameroon
capital of canada
capital of cape verde
capital of central africa
capital of chad
capital of chile
capital of colombia
capital of colorado
capital of connecticut
capital of costa rica
capital of cuba
capital of cyprus
capital of delaware
capital of djibouti
capital of ecuador
capital of egypt
capital of estonia
capital of ethiopia
capital of finland
capital of florida
capital of france
capital of gabon
capital of gambia
capital of georgia
capital of ghana
capital of greece
capital of grenada
capital of guatemala
capital of guinea
capital of guinea bissau
capital of hawaii
capital of hungary
capital of iceland
capital of idaho
capital of illinois
capital of india
capital of indiana
capital of indonesia
capital of iowa
capital of iran
capital of iraq
capital of ireland
capital of israel
capital of italy
capital of jamaica
capital of japan
capital of jordan
capital of kansas
capital of kazakhstan
capital of kentucky
capital of kenya
capital of kuwait
capital of kyrgyzstan
capital of laos
capital of latvia
capital of lebanon
capital of lesotho
capital of liberia
capital of libya
capital of liechtenstein
capital of lithuania
capital of louisiana
capital of luxembourg
capital of madagascar
capital of maine
capital of malawi
capital of malaysia
capital of malta
capital of maryland
capital of massachusetts
capital of mexico
capital of michigan
capital of minnesota
capital of mississippi
capital of missouri
capital of moldova
capital of mongolia
capital of montana
capital of morocco
capital of mozambique
capital of nebraska
capital of nepal
capital of nevada
capital of new hampshire
capital of new jersey
capital of new mexico
capital of new york
capital of new zealand
capital of nicaragua
capital of niger
capital of nigeria
capital of north carolina
capital of north dakota
capital of north korea
capital of northern ireland
capital of norway
capital of ohio
capital of oklahoma
capital of oman
capital of oregon
capital of pakistan
capital of panama
capital of papua new guinea
capital of paraguay
capital of pennsylvania
capital of peru
capital of poland
capital of portugal
capital of qatar
capital of red china
capital of rhode island
capital of romania
capital of rwanda
capital of san marino
capital of saudi arabia
capital of senegal
capital of seychelles
capital of sierra leone
capital of singapore
capital of slovakia
capital of somalia
capital of south africa
capital of south carolina
capital of south dakota
capital of south korea
capital of spain
capital of sri lanka
capital of sudan
capital of suriname
capital of swaziland
capital of sweden
capital of switzerland
capital of syria
capital of taiwan
capital of tajikistan
capital of tanzania
capital of tennessee
capital of texas
capital of thailand
capital of the bahamas
capital of the dominican republic
capital of the netherlands
capital of the philippines
capital of the russian federation
capital of the ukraine
capital of the united kingdom
capital of the united states
capital of tibet
capital of togo
capital of trinidad and tobago
capital of tunisia
capital of turkey
capital of turkmenistan
capital of uganda
capital of uruguay
capital of utah
capital of uzbek
capital of vanuatu
capital of venezuela
capital of vermont
capital of vietnam
capital of virginia
capital of washington
capital of west virginia
capital of western samoa
capital of wisconsin
capital of wyoming
capital of yugoslavia
capital of zambia
capital of zimbabwe
capitol hill
capitol reef national park
cappadocia
capri
capricorn
capricorn the goat
car park
caracas
carbondale
cardiff
caribbean
caribbean island
caribees
carlsbad
carlsbad caverns national park
carolina
caroline islands
carson city
cartagena
carthage
casablanca
casbah
cashmere
casper
castile
castilla
castries
catalina island
catalonia
catchment area
catchment basin
cathay
caucasia
caucasus
cayman islands
cebu
cebu city
cedar rapids
celebes
celestial equator
celestial horizon
celestial orbit
celestial point
celestial pole
celestial sphere
cemetery
centennial state
center
center of buoyancy
center of flotation
center of gravity
center of immersion
center of mass
center stage
central africa
central african republic
central america
central american country
central american nation
central city
central park
centre
centre of buoyancy
centre of flotation
centre of gravity
centre of immersion
centre of mass
centre stage
centroid
ceylon
chablis
chad
chalcedon
chaldaea
chaldea
champagne
champagne ardenne
champaign
champs elysees
changan
channel islands
channel islands national park
chapel hill
charleroi
charleston
charlotte
charlottetown
chattanooga
chechen republic
chechenia
chechnya
checkpoint
chelyabinsk
chemnitz
chemulpo
chennai
cherbourg
cherepovets
chernobyl
chester
cheyenne
chicago
chihuahua
chile
chiloe
china
chios
chisinau
chittagong
chokepoint
chongqing
c horizon
chosen
choson
christchurch
christiania
chungking
churchill
churchyard
cidade de praia
cincinnati
circuit
citlaltepetl
citta del vaticano
city
city block
city center
city centre
city district
city limit
city limits
city line
city of bridges
city of brotherly love
city of light
city of london
city of the angels
city of westminster
ciudad de mexico
ciudad juarez
ciudad trujillo
ciudad victoria
civic center
clarksburg
clear
clearing
cleveland
clichy
clichy la garenne
climatic zone
clinton
cnossos
cnossus
co
coal seam
coalface
coalfield
coaling station
coastline
coats land
coeur dalene
colchis
colima
cologne
colombia
colombo
colon
colony
colorado
colorado desert
colorado springs
colossae
columbia
columbus
combat area
combat zone
common
common land
commons
commonwealth
commonwealth of australia
commonwealth of dominica
commonwealth of puerto rico
commonwealth of the bahamas
commune
communist china
community
comoro islands
comoros
conakry
concepcion
concord
concrete jungle
coney island
confederacy
confederate states
confederate states of america
confluence
congo
congressional district
connecticut
constantine
constantinople
constitution state
continent
continental divide
conurbation
co operative republic of guyana
cooperstown
copenhagen
cordoba
cordova
core
corinth
cork
corn belt
corn field
corncob
corner
cornfield
cornhusker state
cornwall
corpus christi
corse
corsica
costa rica
cotacachi
cote dazur
cote divoire
cotonou
cotopaxi
cotswold hills
cotswolds
council bluffs
country
country of origin
countryside
county
county courthouse
county line
county palatine
county seat
county town
course
coventry
cow pasture
coyote state
crab
cracow
cradle
crater lake national park
crawl space
crawlspace
cremona
crest
crete
crimea
crinion
crna gora
croatia
cross section
crosscut
crossing
crown
crown colony
ct
cuba
cuban capital
cuidad bolivar
culebra
culiacan
culmination
cumana
cumbria
curacao
curitiba
cusco
cuzco
cyclades
cymru
cyprus
czech capital
czech republic
czechoslovakia
d c
d p r k
d region
dacca
dahomey
dakar
dakota
dallas
dalmatia
damascus
danger
danger line
danger zone
danish capital
danmark
danzig
dar al harb
dar al islam
dar es salaam
dardanelles
dark
darkness
darwin
date line
dateline
daugavpils
davenport
dawson
dayton
daytona beach
dc
de
dead drop
death valley
decatur
deep south
deep space
del rio
delaware
delhi
delimitation
delphi
demarcation
demarcation line
demavend
demerara
demesne
demilitarized zone
democratic and popular republic of algeria
democratic peoples republic of korea
democratic republic of sao tome and principe
democratic republic of the congo
democratic socialist republic of sri lanka
den
den haag
denali national park
denmark
denver
department
dependency
depth
derivation
des moines
descending node
desert
desktop
destination
detroit
deutschland
development
devon
devonshire
dhaka
dharhan
dhodhekanisos
diamond state
dig
dijon
diocese
dipylon
dipylon gate
direction
disaster area
disc space
disk overhead
disk space
disneyland
distance
district
district line
district of columbia
divide
dixie
dixieland
djakarta
djanet
djibouti
d layer
dmz
dneprodzerzhinsk
dnipropetrovsk
dockside
dockyard
dodecanese
dodge city
doha
domain
domicile
dominica
dominican republic
dominion
donbas
donbass
donets basin
donetsk
donetske
douala
dover
down town
downing street
downtown
dprk
drainage area
drainage basin
dresden
drop
drop zone
dropping zone
dubai
dublin
dubrovnik
dubuque
duchy
dude ranch
dukedom
duluth
dump
dumpsite
durango
durazzo
durban
durham
durres
dusanbe
dushanbe
dusseldorf
dust bowl
dutch capital
dutch east indies
dutch guiana
dyushambe
e layer
e region
earldom
earreach
earshot
earth
east
east africa
east anglia
east coast
east germany
east india
east indies
east malaysia
east pakistan
east river
east saint louis
east side
east sussex
east timor
eastern hemisphere
eastern roman empire
eastern samoa
eastern united states
eau claire
ecliptic
ecuador
eden
edge
edinburgh
edirne
edmonton
edo
egadi islands
egypt
egyptian capital
egyptian empire
ehadhamen
eindhoven
eire
eitchen midden
el aaium
el alamein
el beda
el giza
el iskandriyah
el misti
el paso
el qahira
el salvador
el aksur
elam
election district
electron orbit
element
elisabethville
ellas
ellice islands
ellis island
elmont
elsass
emerald isle
emilia romagna
emirate
empire
empire state
empire state of the south
empyrean
encampment
enclave
end
end point
enderby land
endpoint
england
enid
eniwetok
entebbe
enterprise zone
entrepot
environment
environs
eparchy
ephesus
epicenter
epicentre
epirus
equality state
equator
equatorial guinea
equinoctial
equinoctial circle
equinoctial line
equinoctial point
equinox
erie
erie canal
eritrea
erivan
esfahan
espana
espoo
essen
essex
esthonia
estonia
eternal city
ethiopia
etna
etruria
eugene
eureka
european country
european nation
european russia
evansville
everglade state
everglades national park
evergreen state
exaltation
exarchate
excavation
exterior
extreme
extreme point
extremity
extremum
exurbia
eye
eyeshot
eyrie
eyry
ezo
f layer
f region
face
faeroe islands
faeroes
fairground
fairway
faisalabad
falkland islands
far east
fargo
farming area
farmington
farmland
faroe islands
faroes
fatherland
faubourg
fault line
fayetteville
federal democratic republic of ethiopia
federal district
federal islamic republic of the comoros
federal republic of germany
federal republic of nigeria
federal republic of yugoslavia
federated states of micronesia
federation of saint kitts and nevis
federative republic of brazil
feliz lusitania
fence line
fengtien
fertile crescent
fes
fez
fiefdom
field
field of battle
field of fire
field of honor
field of operations
fifth avenue
fiji
fiji islands
fijis
financial center
finish
finish line
finishing line
finland
finnish capital
firebreak
fireguard
firenze
fireside
firing line
firmament
first state
fish
fl
flagstaff
flanders
flea market
fleet street
flies
flight line
flight path
flint
florence
florida
flyway
focus
foggy bottom
foot
foothold
forbidden city
forefront
forepart
formosa
fort george g meade
fort george gordon meade
fort lauderdale
fort meade
fort myers
fort smith
fort wayne
fort worth
fort lamy
foul line
fountainhead
france
franche comte
frankfort
frankfurt
frankfurt on the main
frederick
fredericton
free port
free state
free zone
freetown
french capital
french congo
french guinea
french indochina
french oceania
french polynesia
french region
french republic
french riviera
french sudan
french west indies
fresno
frg
friendly islands
friesland
frigid zone
fringe
frisia
frisian islands
friuli venezia giulia
front
front end
front line
frontier
frunze
fuego
fuji
fujinoyama
fuji san
fujiyama
fukuoka
funafuti
funfair
ga
gabon
gabonese republic
gaborone
gabun
gadsden
gafsa
gainesville
galapagos
galapagos islands
galatia
galeras
galicia
galilee
gallia
galloway
gallup
galveston
galveston island
galway
gambia
gambier islands
gand
gansu
gansu province
garbage dump
garbage heap
garden state
garland
gary
gascogne
gascony
gasfield
gates of the arctic national park
gateway to the west
gathering place
gaul
gaza
gaza strip
gb
gdansk
gem state
gemini
gemini the twins
geneva
geneve
genf
genoa
genova
gent
geographic area
geographic point
geographic region
geographical area
geographical point
geographical region
geographical zone
geological horizon
george town
georgetown
georgia
geostationary orbit
geosynchronous orbit
german capital
german democratic republic
germany
gettysburg
ghana
ghent
ghetto
ghost town
gibraltar
gibson desert
gila desert
gilbert and ellice islands
gilbert islands
girgenti
giza
glade
glasgow
glide path
glide slope
gloucester
gloucestershire
goa
goal
goal line
goat
gobi
gobi desert
gods acre
goeteborg
golan
golan heights
gold coast
golden state
goldfield
golgotha
goma
gomel
gomorrah
gomorrha
gopher state
gorki
gorkiy
gorky
goteborg
gothenburg
governador valadares
grain field
grainfield
gran santiago
granada
grand canal
grand canyon national park
grand canyon state
grand duchy
grand duchy of luxembourg
grand island
grand rapids
grand teton national park
granite state
grassland
graveyard
graz
grazing land
great britain
great circle
great divide
great falls
great lakes state
great sandy desert
great smoky mountains national park
great victoria desert
great white way
greater antilles
greater london
greater new york
greater sunda islands
greece
greek capital
green
green bay
green line
green mountain state
greenbelt
greenland
greensboro
greenville
greenway
greenwich
greenwich village
grenada
grenoble
gronland
ground
ground zero
grounds
grozny
groznyy
gu
guadalajara
guadalcanal
guadalupe island
guadalupe mountains national park
guadeloupe
guallatiri
guam
guangdong
guangdong province
guangzhou
guantanamo
guatemala
guatemala city
guayaquil
guiana
guiana highlands
guinea
guinea bissau
guine bissau
gujarat
gujerat
gulf states
gulu
guyana
habitat
habitation
hadrians wall
hagerstown
haifa
haiphong
haiti
haitian capital
haleakala national park
half mast
halifax
halle
halle an der saale
hamburg
hamilton
hamlet
hampshire
hand
hangchow
hangout
hangzhou
hannibal
hannover
hanoi
hanover
harare
harbor
harborage
harbour
harbourage
hargeisa
harlem
harlem river
harley street
harrisburg
hartford
hashemite kingdom of jordan
hastings
hatchery
hatteras island
hattiesburg
haunt
haute normandie
havana
haven
hawaii
hawaii island
hawaii volcanoes national park
hawaiian capital
hawaiian islands
hawkeye state
hayastan
hayfield
hays
hayti
head
heading
headspring
headwaters
hearing
heart
heart of dixie
hearth
heartland
heath
heathland
heaven
heavens
heaviside layer
hebei
hebei province
hebridean islands
hebridean isles
hebrides
hedjaz
heights
hejaz
helena
heliopause
heliosphere
hell
hell on earth
hellenic republic
hellespont
hellhole
hells half acre
hells kitchen
helsingfors
helsinki
hemisphere
hemline
herat
herculaneum
here
hermosillo
heroica puebla de zaragoza
heronry
hershey
hertfordshire
hi
hibbing
hibernia
hideaway
hideout
hiding place
high
highlands
highlands of scotland
high water mark
hijaz
hilltop
hilo
hindustan
hinterland
hipline
hippo
hippo regius
hiroshima
hispaniola
ho chi minh city
hobart
hodeida
hohhot
hokkaido
holding pattern
hole in the wall
holiday resort
holland
hollywood
holy
holy land
holy place
holy see
home
home away from home
home counties
home from home
home ground
home port
home range
home territory
homel
homeland
hometown
homyel
hondo
honduran capital
honduras
hong kong
honiara
honolulu
honshu
hoosier state
hopeh
hopei
horizon
horn of africa
horse latitude
hot spot
hot springs
hot springs national park
hotspot
houghton
hour angle
hour circle
house
house of islam
house of war
houses of parliament
housing development
housing estate
housing project
houston
hrvatska
hsian
huainaputina
hub
hub of the universe
hull
hunan
hunan province
hungarian capital
hungary
hunting ground
huntington
huntsville
hyderabad
ia
ibadan
iberia
iberian peninsula
iceland
id
idaho
idaho falls
il
ile de france
iles comores
iles marquises
ile st louis
ilion
ilium
illinois
illyria
in
incheon
inchon
independence
independent state of papua new guinea
independent state of samoa
india
indian capital
indian reservation
indiana
indianapolis
indochina
indochinese peninsula
indonesia
indonesian borneo
industrial park
inferno
inner city
inner hebrides
inner mongolia
innsbruck
inside
intergalactic space
interior
interlaken
international date line
interplanetary space
interstellar space
ionia
ionosphere
iowa
irak
iran
iranian capital
iraq
iraqi kurdistan
ireland
irish capital
irish free state
irredenta
irridenta
isarithm
ischia
isfahan
islamabad
islamic republic of iran
islamic republic of mauritania
islamic republic of pakistan
islamic state of afghanistan
islay
isle of man
isle of skye
isle royal national park
isles of scilly
isobar
isochrone
isogonal line
isogone
isogonic line
isogram
isohel
isole egadi
isopleth
isotherm
israel
istanbul
italia
italian capital
italian peninsula
italian region
italian republic
italy
ithaca
ithaki
itinerary
ivory coast
iwo jima
izmir
jabalpur
jackson
jacksonville
jaffa
jakarta
jalalabad
jamaica
jamaican capital
jamestown
jammu and kashmir
japan
japanese archipelago
japanese capital
japanese islands
java
jeddah
jeddah
jefferson city
jerevan
jerez
jerez de la frontera
jericho
jersey city
jerusalem
jidda
jiddah
jinja
joao pessoa
johannesburg
johnson city
jonesboro
joppa
jordan
juarez
jubbulpore
juda
judaea
judah
judea
jugoslavija
jumping off place
juneau
jungle
junk heap
junk pile
junkyard
jurisdiction
justiciary
jutland
juxtaposition
jylland
kabul
kadikoy
kahoolawe
kahoolawe island
kalaallit nunaat
kalahari
kalahari desert
kalamazoo
kalimantan
kaluga
kamchatka peninsula
kampala
kampong
kampuchea
kananga
kanara
kandahar
kandy
kansas
kansas city
kansu
karachi
karbala
karelia
karl marx stadt
karnataka
kasbah
kashmir
katar
katar peninsula
kathmandu
katmai national park
katmandu
katsina
kauai
kauai island
kaunas
kazak
kazakh
kazakhstan
kazakstan
kazan
kenai fjords national park
kennedy
kennedy international airport
kennedy interrnational
kennelly heaviside layer
kennewick
kent
kentucky
kenya
kerbala
kerbela
key
key west
keystone state
khabarovsk
kharkiv
kharkov
khartoum
khios
khnate
kiev
kigali
kikladhes
kill zone
killing field
killing zone
kimberley
kingdom
kingdom of belgium
kingdom of bhutan
kingdom of cambodia
kingdom of denmark
kingdom of god
kingdom of lesotho
kingdom of morocco
kingdom of nepal
kingdom of norway
kingdom of saudi arabia
kingdom of spain
kingdom of swaziland
kingdom of sweden
kingdom of thailand
kingdom of the netherlands
kingdom of tonga
kings canyon national park
kingston
kingston upon hull
kingstown
kinshasa
kirghiz
kirghizia
kirghizstan
kirgiz
kirgizia
kirgizstan
kiribati
kirkuk
kishinev
kisumu
kitakyushu
kitchen midden
klaipeda
klamath falls
klondike
klyuchevskaya
knossos
knoxville
kobenhavn
kobuk valley national park
kola peninsula
kolkata
koln
kolonia
konakri
kordofan
korea
korean peninsula
korinthos
kosovo
kovna
kovno
koweit
kraal
krakatao
krakatau
krakatoa
krakau
krakow
kriti
krung thep
ks
kuala lumpur
kuangchou
kulun
kurdistan
kursk
kuwait
kuwait city
kwajalein
kwangchow
kwangju
kwangtung
ky
kyoto
kyrgyz republic
kyrgyzstan
kyushu
kyyiv
la
la crosse
la paz
la spezia
laboratory
labrador
laconia
ladrone islands
lafayette
lagos
lahore
lair
lake clark national park
lake district
lakeland
lanai
lanai island
lancashire
lancaster
lanchou
lanchow
land
land of enchantment
land of lincoln
land of opportunity
land site
lander
landmark
landscape
languedoc roussillon
lansing
lanzhou
lao peoples democratic republic
laos
laotian capital
lapland
lappland
laquila
laramie
laredo
las cruces
las vegas
lascar
lassa
lassen volcanic national park
last frontier
lateran
latin america
latin quarter
latitude
latium
latvia
launching site
lausanne
lawn
lawrence
lawton
layer
lazio
le havre
lea
lead
lebanese republic
lebanon
lee
lee side
leeds
leeward
leeward islands
left
left bank
left stage
legal residence
leicester
leicestershire
leiden
leipzig
lemnos
leningrad
lentia
leo
leo the lion
leon
leopoldville
lesbos
lesotho
lesser antilles
lesser sunda islands
lesvos
levant
lewiston
lexington
ley
leyden
lhasa
liberia
liberian capital
liberty island
libra
libra the balance
libra the scales
libreville
libya
libyan desert
lie
liechtenstein
liege
liepaja
lietuva
light
liguria
lille
lilongwe
lima
limb
limeira
limerick
limit
limnos
limousin
lincoln
lincolnshire
lindesnes
line
line of battle
line of control
line of fire
line of flight
line of latitude
line of longitude
line of march
line of scrimmage
line of sight
line of vision
lineation
linz
lion
lisboa
lisbon
lithuania
litoral
little rhody
little rock
littoral
littoral zone
liverpool
livonia
ljubljana
load line
loading area
loading zone
locale
locality
locus
locus of infection
lodz
lofoten
lombard street
lombardia
lombardy
lome
london
lone star state
long beach
long island
longitude
lookout
lorraine
los alamos
los angeles
lot
lothian region
lothringen
louisiana
louisiana purchase
louisville
low archipelago
low countries
lower egypt
lower limit
lower saxony
lower normandy
lowlands
lowlands of scotland
low water mark
loxodrome
loyang
luanda
lubavitch
lubbock
lubeck
lublin
lubumbashi
lucania
lucknow
luda
lufkin
luik
luluabourg
lunar latitude
lund
luoyang
lurking place
lusaka
lushun
lusitania
luta
luxembourg
luxembourg city
luxembourg ville
luxemburg
luxor
luzon
lyallpur
lycia
lydia
lynchburg
lyon
lyonnais
lyons
ma
maarianhamina
macao
macau
macedon
macedonia
macon
madagascar
madeira islands
madison
madras
madrid
maghreb
magnetic equator
magnetic meridian
magnetic pole
magnolia state
magyarorszag
maharashtra
mahgrib
maiduguri
mailing address
main street
maine
mainland china
majorca
makedonija
malabo
malaga
malagasy republic
malawi
malay archipelago
malay peninsula
malaya
malaysia
malaysian capital
maldive islands
maldives
male
mali
malmo
malta
mammoth cave national park
man
managua
manama
manchester
manchuria
mandalay
mandate
mandatory
manhattan
manhattan island
manila
manipur
manitoba
mankato
mannheim
mansfield
mansion
maputo
maracaibo
maracay
march
marche
marches
marchland
mariana islands
marianas
mariehamn
maritime provinces
maritimes
market cross
market town
maroc
marquesas islands
marquette
marrakech
marrakesh
marruecos
marseille
marseilles
marshall islands
marthas vineyard
martinique
maryland
maseru
mashhad
mashriq
mason and dixon line
mason and dixons line
mason city
mason dixon line
masqat
massachusetts
massachusetts bay colony
massawa
matamoros
maui
maui island
mauna kea
mauna loa
mauritania
mauritanie
mauritius
maximum
mayenne
mazar i sharif
mazatlan
mbabane
mcalester
mcallen
md
me
meadow
mecca
medan
medellin
medford
medical center
medina
medium
meeting
megalopolis
melanesia
melbourne
melting pot
memel
memorial park
memphis
merida
meridian
mesa
mesa verde national park
meshed
mesoamerica
mesopotamia
messina
mete
meteorological observation post
metropolis
mexicali
mexican capital
mexico
mexico city
mi
miami
miami beach
michigan
micronesia
midair
mid atlantic states
midden
middle
middle east
middle west
mideast
midfield
midi
midi pyrenees
midland
midpoint
midst
midway
midway islands
midwest
migration route
milan
milano
mile high city
military position
milwaukee
mindanao
mindoro
mine field
minefield
minimum
minneapolis
minnesota
minsk
mississippi
missoula
missouri
mn
mo
mobile
mocambique
mogadiscio
mogadishu
mohave
mohave desert
mojave
mojave desert
moldavia
moldova
moline
molise
molokai
molokai island
molotov
moluccas
mombasa
mona
monaco
monaco ville
mongolia
mongolian peoples republic
monroe
monrovia
montana
monte carlo
montego bay
montenegro
monterey
monterrey
montevideo
montgomery
montmartre
montpelier
montreal
montserrat
monument
moorage
mooring
moravia
morgan city
morgantown
mormon state
morocco
morristown
moscow
mosul
mother country
motherland
motor city
motown
moukden
mount asama
mount athos
mount etna
mount fuji
mount orizaba
mount pinatubo
mount ranier national park
mount rushmore state
mount saint helens
mount st helens
mount vernon
mount vesuvius
mountain state
mozambique
ms
mt
mt st helens
mt vesuvius
mt etna
mt orizaba
mud flat
muenchen
mukalla
mukden
mull
mumbai
muncie
munich
municipal center
municipality
muritaniya
murmansk
muscat
muscat and oman
muscovy
muskogee
myanmar
mycenae
mysore
mytilene
nadir
nag hammadi
nagano
nagasaki
nagoya
naha city
nairobi
najd
nakuru
nalchik
namib desert
namibia
nampa
namur
nanaimo
nanchang
nan chang
nancy
nanjing
nanking
nanning
nan ning
nantes
nantucket
naples
napoli
narco state
nashville
nassau
natal
natchez
national capital
national park
nationalist china
native land
nauru
nauru island
navel
navel point
nazareth
naze
nc
nd
ndjamena
ndjamena
ne
near east
nebraska
neck of the woods
necropolis
negara brunei darussalam
negev
negev desert
nei monggol
neighborhood
neighbourhood
nejd
nemea
nepal
nerve center
nerve centre
nest
nesting place
netherlands
netherlands antilles
netherlands guiana
nevada
nevado de colima
never never
nevis
new amsterdam
new britain
new brunswick
new caledonia
new delhi
new england
new flower
new guinea
new hampshire
new haven
new hebrides
new ireland
new jersey
new london
new mexico
new netherland
new orleans
new siberian islands
new south wales
new town
new world
new york
new york city
new york state
new york state barge canal
new zealand
newark
newburgh
newcastle
newcastle upon tyne
newfoundland
newfoundland and labrador
newport
newport news
nh
niagara falls
niamey
nicaea
nicaragua
nicaraguan capital
nice
nicosia
nidaros
niger
nigeria
nigerian capital
nihau
nihau island
nihon
nijmegen
nilgiri hills
nineveh
nippon
nirvana
nizhni novgorod
nizhnyi novgorod
nj
nm
no mans land
nob hill
node
nogales
no go area
nombril
nome
nook
no parking zone
nord pas de calais
noreg
norfolk
norfolk island
norge
normandie
normandy
north
north africa
north american country
north american nation
north borneo
north carolina
north cascades national park
north celestial pole
north dakota
north frigid zone
north island
north korea
north platte
north pole
north side
north star state
north temperate zone
north vietnam
north yorkshire
northeast
northeastern united states
northern europe
northern hemisphere
northern ireland
northern mariana islands
northern marianas
northern rhodesia
northern territory
northland
northumberland
northumbria
northwest
northwest passage
northwest territories
northwestern united states
norway
nouakchott
nova scotia
nova zembla
novaya zemlya
novgorod
novosibirsk
nubia
nubian desert
nullarbor plain
numidia
nunavut
nuremberg
nurnberg
nusa tenggara
nutmeg state
nv
ny
nyala
nyamuragira
nyasaland
nyiragongo
oahu
oahu island
oakland
oasis
oaxaca
oaxaca de juarez
observation post
observers meridian
occident
ocean state
oceania
oceanica
odesa
odessa
oesterreich
off broadway
ogden
oh
ohio
oilfield
ok
okinawa
oklahoma
oklahoma city
old colony
old country
old delhi
old dominion
old dominion state
old line state
old north state
old south
old world
olympia
olympic national park
omaha
oman
omdurman
omiya
omsk
ontario
open
open air
oporto
or
oran
orange free state
orbit
oregon
orient
origin
orissa
orizaba
orkney islands
orlando
orleanais
orleans
orly
orono
orphan site
osaka
osasco
oslo
ostrava
ottawa
ottoman empire
ottumwa
oujda
out of bounds
outback
outdoors
outer hebrides
outer mongolia
outer space
outline
out of doors
outport
outpost
outside
outskirt
outskirts
outstation
overhead
overlook
oviedo
owensboro
oxford
pa
pacific northwest
paddy
paddy field
padova
padua
paducah
pago pago
paint
painted desert
pakistan
palatinate
palatine
palau
palau islands
palermo
palestine
pall mall
palm beach
palmetto state
palo alto
pampas
panama
panama canal zone
panama city
panamanian capital
pango pango
panhandle
papeete
paper round
paper route
papua
papua new guinea
para
parade ground
paradise
paraguay
parallel
parallel of latitude
paramaribo
parcel
parcel of land
paris
parish
park
park ave
park avenue
parkersburg
parking area
parking lot
parking space
parking zone
parkland
part
parthia
parts
pasadena
pasto
pasture
pastureland
patagonia
patagonian desert
patavium
patch
paterson
path
patrai
patras
patriarchate
pattern
paumotu archipelago
pays de la loire
peace garden state
peach state
peak
pearl harbor
peiping
peking
pelew
pelican state
peloponnese
peloponnesian peninsula
peloponnesus
penetralia
pennine chain
pennines
pennsylvania
pensacola
peoples republic of bangladesh
peoples republic of china
peoria
perch
pergamum
periapsis
perigee
perihelion
perijove
perilune
periselene
perm
pernambuco
persepolis
persia
persian empire
perth
peru
peshawar
pesthole
peterburg
petrified forest national park
petrograd
pfalz
phenicia
philadelphia
philippi
philippine islands
philippines
philippopolis
philistia
phnom penh
phoenicia
phoenix
phrygia
piazza
picardie
picardy
picnic area
picnic ground
pico de orizaba
piece of ground
piece of land
piedmont
piemonte
pierre
pilsen
pinatubo
pine bluff
pine tree state
pinnacle
pinsk
pisa
pisces
pisces the fishes
pitch
pittsburgh
pittsburgh of the south
pittsfield
place
place of birth
place of origin
plane section
planetary house
plano
platt national park
playground
playing area
playing field
plaza
pleasance
pleasant island
pleasure ground
plimsoll
plimsoll line
plimsoll mark
plot
plot of ground
plovdiv
plymouth
plymouth colony
plymouth rock
plzen
pnom penh
po box no
po box number
pocatello
pocket borough
point
point of apoapsis
point of departure
point of entry
point of periapsis
point source
poitou
poitou charentes
poland
polar circle
polar zone
pole
pole position
police precinct
polling place
polling station
polls
polska
polynesia
pompeii
pompey
pontus
pool
poplar bluff
populated area
port
port arthur
port louis
port moresby
port of call
port of entry
port of spain
port sudan
port vila
port au prince
portland
porto
porto novo
porto rico
port of spain
portsmouth
portugal
portuguese guinea
portuguese republic
position
possession
post
post office box number
potomac
potters field
pozsony
pr
prag
prague
praha
praia
prairie
prairie state
prc
precinct
prefecture
premises
prescott
presence
preserve
pressburg
pressure point
pretoria
preussen
pride of place
prime meridian
prince edward island
princedom
princeton
principality
principality of andorra
principality of liechtenstein
principality of monaco
principe
profile
promised land
property
property line
protectorate
provenance
provence
providence
province
provincial capital
provo
proximity
prussia
public housing
public square
puddle
puebla
puebla de zaragoza
pueblo
puerto rico
puglia
punjab
punta arenas
purace
pusan
putting green
pyongyang
qandahar
qatar
qatar peninsula
qibla
quadrant
quai dorsay
quarter
quarter circle
quebec
quebec city
queen maud land
queens
queensland
quezon city
quito
qum
rabat
rabbit warren
racine
radius
ragusa
rain shadow
raleigh
ram
rand
range
rangoon
rapid city
rasht
rawalpindi
reach
reading
realm
rear
rearward
recife
red china
red line
redding
red light district
redonda
redwood national park
reef
refuge
refuse heap
reggane
regina
region
reims
rendezvous
reno
repair
republic of albania
republic of angola
republic of armenia
republic of austria
republic of belarus
republic of benin
republic of bolivia
republic of bosnia and herzegovina
republic of botswana
republic of bulgaria
republic of burundi
republic of cameroon
republic of cape verde
republic of chad
republic of chile
republic of china
republic of colombia
republic of costa rica
republic of cote divoire
republic of croatia
republic of cuba
republic of cyprus
republic of djibouti
republic of ecuador
republic of el salvador
republic of equitorial guinea
republic of estonia
republic of fiji
republic of finland
republic of ghana
republic of guatemala
republic of guinea
republic of guinea bissau
republic of haiti
republic of honduras
republic of hungary
republic of iceland
republic of india
republic of indonesia
republic of iraq
republic of kazakhstan
republic of kenya
republic of kiribati
republic of korea
republic of latvia
republic of liberia
republic of lithuania
republic of madagascar
republic of malawi
republic of maldives
republic of mali
republic of malta
republic of mauritius
republic of moldova
republic of mozambique
republic of namibia
republic of nauru
republic of nicaragua
republic of niger
republic of palau
republic of panama
republic of paraguay
republic of peru
republic of poland
republic of san marino
republic of senegal
republic of seychelles
republic of sierra leone
republic of singapore
republic of slovenia
republic of south africa
republic of suriname
republic of tajikistan
republic of the congo
republic of the gambia
republic of the marshall islands
republic of the philippines
republic of the sudan
republic of trinidad and tobago
republic of tunisia
republic of turkey
republic of uganda
republic of uzbekistan
republic of vanuatu
republic of venezuela
republic of yemen
republic of zambia
republic of zimbabwe
reservation
reserve
resht
residence
residential area
residential district
resort
resort area
resort hotel
restriction site
retreat
reykjavik
rheims
rheinland
rhineland
rhode island
rhodes
rhodesia
rhone alpes
rhumb
rhumb line
ri
rice paddy
richmond
rifle range
rifle shot
riga
right
right ascension
right bank
right stage
rio
rio de janeiro
river basin
riverside
riviera
riyadh
roads
roadstead
roanoke
rochester
rock bottom
rock island
rock of gibraltar
rock springs
rockford
rocky mountain national park
rodhos
roma
roman empire
roman republic
romania
rome
rooftop
rookery
root
rootage
roseau
rostock
rostov
rostov na donu
rostov on don
roswell
rotten borough
rotterdam
rough
roumania
round
route
ruanda
rubbish dump
rubbish heap
rubicon
ruhr
ruhr valley
rumania
rural area
rus
russia
russian capital
russian federation
russian soviet federated socialist republic
rustbelt
rutland
rwanda
rwandese republic
ryukyu islands
saba
sabah
sachsen
sacramento
safaqis
safari park
safety
sagebrush state
saginaw
sagittarius
sagittarius the archer
sahara
sahara desert
saida
saigon
saint augustine
saint christopher
saint christopher nevis
saint cloud
saint eustatius
saint john
saint johns
saint joseph
saint kitts
saint kitts and nevis
saint louis
saint lucia
saint maarten
saint martin
saint paul
saint petersburg
saint vincent
saint vincent and the grenadines
saipan
sakartvelo
sakkara
salem
salient
salina
salisbury
salonica
salonika
salt lake city
salvador
salvadoran capital
salzburg
samarang
samarcand
samarkand
samoa
samoa i sisifo
samoan islands
san angelo
san antonio
san bernadino
san diego
san francisco
san jose
san juan
san luis potosi
san marino
san mateo
san pablo
san pedro sula
san salvador
san sebastian
sana
sanaa
sanaa
sanctum
sanctum sanctorum
sandlot
sands
sandwich islands
sangay
santa ana
santa barbara
santa catalina
santa clara
santa cruz
santa fe
santa maria de belem
santa maria del tule
santiago
santiago de chile
santiago de cuba
santiago de los caballeros
santo domingo
santos
sao bernardo do campo
sao goncalo
sao joao de meriti
sao jose dos campos
sao louis
sao paulo
sao thome e principe
sao tiago island
sao tome
sao tome and principe
sao tome e principe
sapporo
saqqara
saqqarah
saragossa
sarajevo
sarasota
saratoga springs
saratov
sarawak
sardegna
sardinia
sardis
saskatchewan
saskatoon
saudi arabia
sault sainte marie
savanna
savannah
saxe
saxony
sc
scandinavia
scandinavian country
scandinavian nation
scandinavian peninsula
scenario
scene
scenery
schenectady
schlesien
school district
schoolyard
schweiz
scilly islands
scorpio
scorpio the scorpion
scorpion
scotland
scour
scranton
scrapheap
scrimmage line
scrubland
scythia
sd
seafront
seam
seaport
seascape
seat
seattle
sebastopol
section
sector
sedalia
see
seeland
selma
semarang
semidesert
semitropics
senegal
sensible horizon
seoul
separation
septentrion
sequoia national park
serbia
serbia and montenegro
serdica
service area
service line
setting
settlement
setubal
sevastopol
seven hills of rome
seventh avenue
sevilla
seville
seward peninsula
seychelles
seyhan
sfax
shadow
shanghai
shangri la
shantytown
sheffield
sheikdom
sheikhdom
shenandoah national park
shenyang
sherman
shetland
shetland islands
shikoku
shipside
shiraz
shire
shire town
shooting preserve
show me state
showplace
shreveport
shrubbery
siam
sian
siberia
sichuan
sicilia
sicily
side
sideline
sidon
sierra leone
sign
sign of the zodiac
sikkim
silesia
silhouette
silicon valley
silk road
silver city
silver state
simpson desert
sinai
sinai desert
sinai peninsula
singan
singapore
sinkiang
sion
sioux city
sioux falls
siracusa
site
sitka
sitsang
situation
sjaelland
ski resort
skid row
skopje
skoplje
skyline
skyway
slask
slave state
slezsko
slip
slovak republic
slovakia
slovenia
slovenija
slum
slum area
smolensk
smyrna
snake pit
snow line
socialist peoples libyan arab jamahiriya
socialist republic of vietnam
society islands
sodom
sofia
soho
soil
soil horizon
soil profile
solar apex
soledad
solingen
solitude
solomon islands
solomons
somali peninsula
somalia
sombrero
somerset
somewhere
sonoran desert
sooner state
soudan
source
sousse
south
south africa
south american country
south american nation
south australia
south bend
south carolina
south celestial pole
south dakota
south frigid zone
south island
south korea
south pole
south side
south temperate zone
south vietnam
south west africa
south yorkshire
southeast
southeast asia
southeastern united states
southern hemisphere
southern rhodesia
southland
southwest
southwestern united states
soviet russia
soviet socialist republic
soviet union
soweto
spa
space
spain
spanish capital
spanish guinea
spanish sahara
sparta
sphere
sphere of influence
spice islands
spitsbergen
spitzbergen
split
spokane
spot
spring
springfield
square
srbija
sri lanka
st augustine
st christopher
st christopher nevis
st cloud
st eustatius
st georges
st john
st johns
st joseph
st kitts
st kitts and nevis
st louis
st lucia
st maarten
st martin
st mary of bethlehem
st paul
st petersburg
st thomas and principe
st vincent
st vincent and the grenadines
stabroek
staffa
stage
stage left
stage right
staging area
stagira
stagirus
stalinabad
stalingrad
stalino
stamboul
stambul
stamping ground
stand
star sign
start
starting line
state
state boundary
state capital
state line
state of bahrain
state of eritrea
state of israel
state of katar
state of kuwait
state of qatar
state of the vatican city
staten island
station
stavanger
stockbroker belt
stockholm
stop
stopover
storm center
storm centre
strand
strasbourg
strassburg
stratford on avon
stratford upon avon
stratum
street address
string line
stuttgart
subdivision
sub saharan africa
substrate
substratum
subtopia
subtropics
suburb
suburban area
suburbia
sucre
sudan
sudbury
suez
suez canal
suisse
sulawesi
sultanate
sultanate of oman
sumatra
sumer
summit
sunbelt
sunda islands
sunflower state
sunshine state
suomi
superfund site
superior
supply line
supply route
sur
surface
surinam
suriname
surrey
surround
surroundings
susa
susah
susiana
sussex
suva
suzerainty
svalbard
sverige
svizzera
swansea
swap file
swap space
swaziland
sweden
swiss canton
swiss confederation
switzerland
sydney
syracuse
syria
syrian arab republic
szechuan
szechwan
szechwan province
tabora
tabriz
tabuk
tack
tacoma
tadjik
tadzhik
tadzhikistan
taegu
tahiti
taichung
taif
taimyr peninsula
taipeh
taipei
taiwan
taiyuan
tajik
tajikistan
tallahassee
tallin
tallinn
tamil nadu
tammerfors
tampa
tampere
tampico
tanganyika
tangier
tangiers
tangshan
tank farm
tanzania
taos
tape
tar heel state
tara
tarabulus al gharb
tarabulus ash sham
tarawa
target
target area
tartary
tartu
tashkent
taskent
tasmania
tatary
taurus
taurus the bull
tax haven
taxi rank
taxistand
taymyr peninsula
tbilisi
tchad
tee
teeing ground
tegu
tegucigalpa
teheran
tehran
tel aviv
tel aviv jaffa
temperate zone
temuco
tendency
tenderloin
tenement district
tenerife
tennessee
tepic
termination
terminus
terra incognita
terrain
terreplein
territorial division
territorial dominion
territory
tessin
testing ground
texarkana
texas
thailand
the argentine
the bronx
the city
the gambia
the hague
the hill
the holy see
the indies
the netherlands
the pits
the queen city
theater
theater of operations
theater of war
theatre
theatre of operations
theatre of war
thebes
theme park
theodore roosevelt memorial national park
there
thessalia
thessalonica
thessaloniki
thessaly
thibet
thick
thorshavn
thrace
three mile limit
thule
thunder bay
thuringia
tianjin
tibet
tibur
ticino
tidal zone
tidewater
tien ching
tientsin
tierra del fuego
tiflis
tijuana
tiltyard
timber line
timberline
timbuktu
time zone
times square
timgad
timimoun
timor
tin pan alley
tip
tirana
tirol
tivoli
tn
tobago
togo
togolese republic
tokio
tokyo
toledo
toll plaza
tonga
top
top side
topeka
topographic point
torino
toronto
torreon
torrid zone
toscana
touchline
toulouse
town
township
toxic dumpsite
toxic site
toxic waste area
toxic waste dump
toxic waste site
trablous
tract
trade route
trafalgar square
traffic pattern
trail head
trailhead
transit zone
transshipment center
transvaal
trash dump
trash heap
trash pile
traverse city
treasure state
treaty port
tree line
trend
trentino alto adige
trento
trenton
trichion
trinidad
trinidad and tobago
triple frontier
tripoli
trondheim
tropic
tropic of cancer
tropic of capricorn
tropical zone
tropics
troy
trust territory
trusteeship
tsaritsyn
tt
tuamotu archipelago
tubuai islands
tucson
tulsa
tunis
tunisia
tupelo
tupungatito
turf
turin
turkestan
turkey
turkish capital
turkish empire
turkistan
turkmen
turkmenia
turkmenistan
turkomen
tuscaloosa
tuscany
tuskegee
tuvalu
tuxtla gutierrez
twin cities
twin falls
twins
tx
tyler
tyre
tyrol
u s
u s a
ufa
uganda
uk
ukraine
ukrayina
ulaanbaatar
ulan bator
ulster
ultima thule
umbria
underbelly
underside
undersurface
union
union of burma
union of soviet socialist republics
united arab emirates
united arab emiratess capital
united arab republic
united kingdom
united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland
united mexican states
united republic of tanzania
united states
united states of america
united states virgin islands
unknown
unknown region
upper egypt
upper limit
upper side
upper volta
upper normandy
uppsala
upsala
upside
uptown
ur
urban area
urban center
urban sprawl
urbana
urga
uruguay
us
usa
used car lot
uskub
ussr
usumbura
ut
utah
utica
utrecht
uttar pradesh
uzbek
uzbekistan
va
vacant lot
vacation spot
vacuity
vacuum
vaduz
valdez
valdosta
valencia
valetta
valle daosta
valletta
valparaiso
van allen belt
vancouver
vancouver island
vanishing point
vantage
vantage point
vanua levu
vanuatu
vatican city
vault of heaven
veld
veldt
venetia
veneto
venezia
venezia euganea
venezuela
venice
venue
veracruz
vermont
vernal equinox
verona
verrazano narrows
versailles
vertex
vertical circle
vesuvius
vi
viborg
viceroyalty
vichy
vicinity
vicksburg
victoria
victoria de durango
victoria land
vienna
vientiane
vieques
viet nam
vietnam
view
viewpoint
vila
village
village green
villahermosa
vilna
vilnius
vilno
vina del mar
virgin
virgin islands
virgin islands national park
virginia
virginia beach
virgo
virgo the virgin
visayan islands
viscounty
visible horizon
viti levu
vladivostok
volcan de colima
volcano islands
volgograd
volunteer state
voting precinct
voyageurs national park
vt
wa
waco
wagga wagga
waikiki
wailing wall
wake
wake island
wales
wall st
wall street
walla walla
walt disney world
war zone
ward
warren
warsaw
warszawa
washington
washington d c
waste
wasteland
wasteyard
waste yard
water bearer
water level
water line
water parting
waterbury
waterford
waterfront
watering hole
watering place
waterline
watermark
watershed
watertown
wausau
wave front
wavefront
way
way station
weald
weather station
weimar
welkin
wellhead
wellington
wellspring
wembley
wessex
west
west africa
west bank
west bengal
west berlin
west coast
west country
west end
west germany
west indies
west malaysia
west pakistan
west palm beach
west point
west side
west sussex
west virginia
west yorkshire
western australia
western empire
western hemisphere
western islands
western isles
western roman empire
western sahara
western samoa
western united states
westminster
westminster abbey
wheat field
wheatfield
wheeling
whereabouts
white russia
whitehall
whitehorse
wi
wichita
wichita falls
wiesbaden
wild
wild west
wilderness
wilkes land
williamstown
wilmington
wilno
wimbledon
winchester
wind cave national park
windhoek
windsor
windward islands
windward isles
windy city
winners circle
winnipeg
winston salem
wire
wisconsin
witwatersrand
wold
wolverine state
worcester
workspace
wrangell st elias national park
wroclaw
wuerzburg
wuhan
wurzburg
wv
wy
wyoming
xian
xinjiang
xinjiang uighur autonomous region
xizang
yafo
yakima
yalta
yaltopya
yamoussukro
yangon
yaounde
yard
yard line
yeddo
yedo
yekaterinoslav
yellowknife
yellowstone national park
yemen
yerevan
yerwa maiduguri
yezo
yisrael
yokohama
yorkshire
yosemite national park
youngstown
yucatan
yucatan peninsula
yugoslavia
yukon
yukon territory
yuma
yunnan
yunnan province
zagreb
zaire
zambia
zanzibar
zaragoza
zaria
zarqa
zealand
zenith
zetland
zimbabwe
zion
zion national park
zodiac
zomba
zone
zone of interior
zurich